Fix unresponsive media picker when there is a lot of iCloud assets (#1546)
GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui: CHANGELOG.md

# Upcoming

### 🐞 Fixed

> - Fix media attachment picker being unresponsive and slow to open with large photo libraries [#1546](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1546)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix media attachment picker being unresponsive and slow with many iCloud assets [#1546](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1546)
```
